---
contentpath: blog
title: The WOW Factor
description: A brief overview of what’s to expect in USTP’s upcoming Week of Welcome.
date: 2022-08-29T10:30:06.466Z
type: Article
---


USTP’s Week of Welcome has been an annual 3-day event composed of multiple fun and exciting activities, to warmly welcome and celebrate the coming of new freshmen. Looking back from the past the first ever WOW happened on the 11th, 13th, and 14th of June in the year of 2018. Ever since then, it has been USTP’s tradition to celebrate it yearly, and even a pandemic could not stop us from celebrating it. For the years 2020 and 2021 WOW was celebrated virtually due to covid. However, it did not hinder us from celebrating an amazing event, with loads of fun and activities in store for the students. It is always an event to look out for not just for the freshmen but for everyone in USTP, especially now that we finally have a chance to experience it first-hand and in actual and physical form, of course prompting that we all follow health protocols. How breath-taking would it be now that we are finally free from the chains of lockdowns and the pandemic, after being at home for so long I’m sure all of us will make this a worthwhile moment to enjoy. It will truly start as a huge bang that will end up becoming everything. Wear your space suits and get ready for the orientation that will help you learn the hacks of surviving the universe of college as you venture forward in your journey to the galaxy of USTP. Count down from ten and join us as we venture through the galaxy of USTP along with our senior students on the campus tour. Witness as we create the stars that freshmen were born to become by showcasing their individual talents in pride and spirit. But maybe you’re not a star but an astronaut ready to venture into one of the organization’s booths and find your skills that would benefit you there. Trace the constellations of our unit organization mascots and mother organization mascots that would bedazzle and amaze your eyes, as they run the spotlight and sparkle on stage. Welcome and get ready for a new exploration that will truly take you lightyears away alongside with your closest colleagues that will aid in your adventure into the unknown. Let us embark and blast off to new heights in store for us in the universe of becoming a college student.